### Porting Statement
This mod is built for Forge (1.16 -> 1.20.1), NeoForge (1.21+), and a now unsupported Fabric version (1.18.2 -> 1.20.1). As of now I have no plans on porting this mod (or any of my other mods for that matter) to any other mod loader or to Bedrock.That said, if you are a mod developer and would like to port my mod to another mod loader (or to bedrock) you are free to do so as long as you follow the following (fairly simple) rules:

### Porting Rules
* Please notify if you are interested in porting the mod. This is not required should you wish to keep your ported version private (i.e. being used on a private server between friends), but if posted the the public I would very much like to keep track of any other versions of my mod that are out there. Partially so that I can post a link to your ports curseforge page in my mods description (and answer questions such as "can you port this to fabric" with a link to your fabric port, etc), and also so that I can keep myself informed of what is being done with my code.
  * You may contact me for this purpose by sending me a private message on curseforge with your discord username & intent ("I would like to make a fabric port of Lightman's Currency, my discord username is SomeModderGuy#1234", etc.), or by joining [this](https://discord.gg/gRjuugeeUd) discord server and similarly stating your intent in the `#lightmans-currency` channel.
* You must give me credit as the original mod author, in beginning of the mods description. Doesn't need to be too fancy, just put something in the first paragraph or so saying something along the lines of "This is a {modloader} port of Lightman's Currency" and then provide a link to the original posting on Curseforge and/or Modrinth.
* I'd also prefer it if you also made the name of the port some variation of Lightman's Currency (i.e. "X's Lightman's Currency Port" or "Lightman's Currency Fabric", etc.) however I'm not going to strictly enforce that as it could get a bit wordy, and sometimes Curseforge can be a bit picky with project names.
* Since this is a port, you are obviously allowed to use the source code available in this github repository, however if published to the public I would like you keep your mod open-source.